---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "counter_semantic_version Resource - terraform-provider-counter"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A semantic version number whose components increment according to the configured triggers.
---

# counter_semantic_version (Resource)

A semantic version number whose components increment according to the configured triggers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    counter = {
      source = "terraform-provider-counter/counter"
    }
  }
}

resource "counter_semantic_version" "this" {
  minor_triggers = {
    hash = md5(jsonencode(something_else.this))
  }
  patch_triggers = {
    hash = md5(jsonencode(something_else.that))
  }
}

resource "downstream" "this" {
  value = counter_semantic_version.this.value
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `major_initial_value` (Number) The initial major version value.
- `major_triggers` (Map of String) A map of strings that will cause the major version number to increment when any of the values change.
- `max_history` (Number) Maximum number of versions this resource should store in the `history` attribute.
- `minor_initial_value` (Number) The initial minor version value.
- `minor_triggers` (Map of String) A map of strings that will cause the minor version number to increment when any of the values change.
- `patch_initial_value` (Number) The initial patch version value.
- `patch_triggers` (Map of String) A map of strings that will cause the patch version number to increment when any of the values change.

### Read-Only

- `history` (Attributes List) A list of semantic versions that this resource has produced. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--history))
- `id` (String) Id of the resource.
- `major_value` (Number) The current major version number.
- `minor_value` (Number) The current minor version number.
- `patch_value` (Number) The current patch version number.
- `value` (String) The semantic version number as a string in `<major>.<minor>.<patch>` form.

<a id="nestedatt--history"></a>
### Nested Schema for `history`

Read-Only:

- `major_triggers` (Map of String)
- `major_value` (Number)
- `minor_triggers` (Map of String)
- `minor_value` (Number)
- `patch_triggers` (Map of String)
- `patch_value` (Number)
- `value` (String)
